listen up your little pencil pushers
we're going into the jungle one more
time because predator hunting grounds is
out now in the earphone expanse of this
video they're going to give us the
opportunity to go to the jungle the only
thing is there's a predator and it's
going to come back as the protectors
travel what he's trying to say is that
predator hunting grounds is available
now on ps4 and PC I'm saying we're going
crazy in our own homes so we decided to
take a trip to the jungle and bring all
of our best friends to go
we got the squad we got Elise we got
James we got Adam we got Omar and then
we have an infiltrator yah I'm busting
up this this forest party oh no this is
about all right I'm going for James
first let me just say guys I'm glad that
we're doing something different because
I feel like we're talking everyday
telecommuting and I'm so tired of
hearing you all constant video chat yeah
yeah
let's play a game take our minds off
play it perfect silence we don't even
have to think about what any of us sound
like who we hear first
Omar James Oh Adam have you found
yourself yet like emotionally yeah
spiritually I I went in the backyard and
looked up to the sky and the Sun is
really bright have you noticed that yeah
no I have not I've heard more I've heard
James Bruce Sark Elise I've heard Adam
just has Adam blindness he can't he
can't hear her see Adam is an npc he's
the shopkeep ah I know where it travela
so we have to keep in mind Trevor Trevor
has a slight predator advantage here he
can hear all the things that he says
because it's lonely in a discord room
all by yourself you also wouldn't want
to hear the madness I come up with as a
predator just without being able to hear
anything the things that I would have to
say and yeah admit to like Wyatt let's
not go there
Trevor go easy on us we know that your
number-one predator you know me how many
hours you put in this game already you
know about yeah well just keep it out
eight hours you got about a hundred
hours during the trial weekend what
there's a predator there is a predator
nearby what you're here predator noises
clicking around
can you hear my TMJ oh I'm getting
predator attacked already
oh my the Tri lasers oh [__] just keep
going on you guys we gotta go back for
them no no no no no no he's in the trees
he's in the trees he's always in the
trees
I hear predator decloaking behind you oh
good I've never I can see how our net if
I save you get him out of the net where
did you go
I'm netted all right I hear the clicking
I hear the clicking he's behind you oh I
gotta go
remember you can ping that predator how
do you ping yeah okay just Oh No me
pixel yeah hello you jumped on me
oh there's predator around for sure oh
he got a vision he up in the tree ping
him pic if you see him there he is he's
coming here
predator befriend I'm hurt oh good jump
predator he'll fight over that feds
predator where you at I see his blood
his blood oh I hear squishies that was
me squishing a syringe
oh there's predator somewhere I saw his
laser Oh Trevor predator I have a
question um do you like do you like us
or the NPC's better yeah who are you
rooting for I gotta be honest I'm
already having a difficult time
distinguishing who responded oh he's
weak to bullets it's just one weakness
all right we got defend the data oh yeah
oh my god don't do better
where are you predator he's above he was
above us oh oh show yourself
oh no oh no oh no show you right there
you know me I'm I was damn
Jesus oh I want the long claim Oh Trevor
creditor you said you liked us everybody
you get it alone I don't want the long
claim anymore
I wanted to claim a trophy how come you
didn't play as female predator I gotta
be honest I didn't know that was an
option run run it's like blast range I
get it run you know don't there's no
ready to disarm it damn it
you can't disarm it but I don't know how
oh my god oh my god oh my god where is
the blast range oh my god can I make it
oh my god I was so close still in action
I was directly on the edge I survived
okay keep going right no no you can't
not sure how I feel about Trevor
predator what's wrong with with
shreditor well at first I thought editor
was on our side you know well I was
observing from afar and I noticed that
you were pretty hostile to the locals
and I just didn't take kindly to that
you know you guys want to go again ready
to go yeah yeah
Tigers one-eyed leader probably not Adam
do some do some voice chatting and let's
see if we can get at least it's okay oh
yeah I think yeah I think this is Elise
I made her blond just in case thank you
that's so not me
yeah it's much better than my
performance found a pig I think not a
big predators favorite food
you can't I I guess I'm too healthy he
just ran oh I see predator where think
predators enemy is my friend
where's predator oh I forgot I wasn't
invisible oh you see nothing I heard a
little predators oh yeah he's behind us
now
just the predator calls out that's not
fair it wasn't ray oh oh oh
with me oh no why won't you attack oh oh
you know what take a little sound decoy
again oh god it hurts run you mean
predator oh we got friends over here
whoops whoops whoops oh god I got a man
that guard walk ranges fry he casually
walked past me and you didn't even care
no I hear him
oh he's around here are we chasing him
Elise I hear laser he's in the trees
he's in the trees he's coming he's south
south south
all right the hose is shut off gentlemen
who's shooting at me everyone man does
little little tags little tags cover
yourself in mud yeah together what does
the mud do it makes you hide from his
camo rub mud on each other's bodies
sensually all those people shoot no
predator oh I spot him I spot him I spy
with my little predator i Lois cover oh
oh no predator oh [__] oh [__] oh [__]
predator trying to talk on the big big
big stereo my gun in the net quit playin
in the mud over there oh wait those are
not you if you want to take any the AI
out for us that'd be great yeah oh I
don't know Piazza thanks Trevor
you got it happy to help
explosion they're real close Oh God come
on there's no please dismount I see
lasers all please ow
oh please ow he's right behind me he's
coming for me I like we can't protect
you my head is gone I got a skull wait
are you dad oh you're dead okay oh my
God look at that high up
hungers alright it's just you guys yeah
you guys can not want to complete the
mission to kill but in 30 seconds you
can do a mission to respawn one of us
okay
do we have to get to the evac yes yeah
you can get to the evac or you can save
us yeah no talk of reviving you guys
just bringing us home are you guys even
together no at least at least ditched me
a long time
oh no I hear him I hear beliefs okay
yeah I'm holy [__] oh [__] on the drop
pod
no oh she's dead God carnage Oh God user
down I didn't know that oh no in front
of the AI oh my god really getting
really good oh is this fun for you
Trevor no go back for Omar no you live
with it course oh no is that Elise's
skull that looks about the size wait who
am i oh I found me yeah I found me
you've got that's you no way that's me
doing my gruff tough voice oh why here
predator already oh yes I heard too Toby
from Northwest he's here
oh yeah I'm getting lit up I see him
either did the bar no I thought I shot
you in the net I really did
oh I thought I did oh that's gonna hurt
where's predator armor he's got to go
heal now I'm just collect I'm clicking
all the purples I see oh my gosh Elise
Elise you got a look at the map once in
a while yeah she's she goes fire in the
hole all by herself an alarm I like that
no more than what two minutes ago you
said I hate being singled out and later
losers
oh and predators here you somewhere so
juicy yourself you say his name three
times in the bathroom he'll come out I
found a new toy oh no it's not even my
birthday
yeah it's getting pretty out there
I feel like he's right above me yeah I
always feel like that could beginning
then the drug den oh [__] he's
definitely there there you are there you
are I see you he's here oh dang dirty
barrels opened and I'm calling for help
hi Chad nope
no son of a [__] he'll use my body let
me thank you
I'm in the mesh okay he's a prankster
see and who's a real man show yourself
there is first aid I'm a very private
individual
I'm shooting up in the forests oh right
or no oops what are you playing
give me a second thank you
goodbye goodbye bye you you guys are
doing well I'll see you thank you
predator for another check-in yep
everything is up together here oh I hear
we're doing this then we're doing this
then I'm not leaving you oh it's a
little long on that animation no no help
me yeah okay Dyer run predator sorry
Trevor sorry for saying that guys go
I'll try and stop it hey got a disease
this I'll do it yeah no you're pregnant
[__] it up you can go I lived again all
right Trevor you're with us a ragtag
bunch of mercenaries that will do
anything for money but also have hearts
of gold all right hey the next time
predator attacks us you guys want to
call fists just for fun yeah yeah yeah
fist fight the predator yeah yeah yeah
oh all right team let's go in keep it oh
no I out of weather die what are you
doing in my pants oh yeah you guys
playing around a little matter of fists
Jesus he's here oh I hear a tree oh god
he popped me he popped me good you can
see his heavy weight shaking the
branches you called me fat I'll cue you
no no no no no no no dense bulk heavy
muscley that's a shame predator how dare
you so much purple stuff around yeah
your brother purple stuff catches the
eye makes me forget about the predator
altogether oh there's a hand
no no predator oh yeah oh yeah see oh my
god he's on the ground
he's on my dead body oh he blew up a
barrel next week he's scared of you
predator they're at him I'll eventually
get
or to you and I will eventually res you
oh there are the trees having the trees
okay oh oh he's closer now I lost track
of them I saw the leaves coming ah there
is he still up there he's looking at you
that's somewhere west that's a predator
hey Adam could you just wave up yeah
could you just give it a little further
these are the he's there he's there oh
god ow
there is there is oh he's very hurt he's
gonna go heal Wow he jumps like an
Olympian
alright oh we got to go up top huh oh oh
I can hear you oh he's in the trees I
can i pinged him for country kibou watch
the fireworks
oh he's behind me Adam come on oh oh oh
he's gonna slice you in action
killed in action right with my best
friends Adam are you specifically
targeting my character no I have no idea
who's who I picked that up just for you
Omar this is your name
I lost him where was he there he was oh
he's on me he's on me now oh I need my
shotgun shotgun time Oh mark runs here
oh my run he's run he was the brains
Trevor Trevor help me a hug him
I had to pay back Trevor I had to pay
back what do you mean pay back he knows
what he's done oh debt must be paid
you can't just stand there and try and
pull people over there's a predator face
Adam all right I'll go I'll go predator
okay welcome to the jungle
put on your mud now boom James is being
eerily quiet
I am always quiet what I'm doing this
and I like that oh oh oh he's I think
he's chasing me
I heard him close see cloaking turn
around and tell me where you tell us
where you oh oh god I'll come oh my god
sounds pretty crazy out there yeah you
better run oh he's enjoying this too
much she's not talking thank okay I
guess we got to stay near this thing uh
yeah I'm trying to careful of the red
barrels but he's up from up near Elise
there he is
yeah oh he's on me oh he's gonna go I
shot him a couple times
oh I popped a shield line did that's
good because I I think it gets rid of
his heat vision
I don't brain Dona there is oh he's
aiming come the [__] on let's go
I'm trying to aim at it there is there
is so many rockets go around you've done
the great brawling this together
oh that's part of it
oh god yes yes I here am I here oh I'm
trying to not shoot Adam he's down he's
down
not today sucka oh it's today to try to
disarm it go down I'm just gonna go out
the train tracks
I don't know return to the mission area
oh yeah disarm it right that's the only
way if you can get outside the blast
area oh just you guys know trevor was
the most valuable target during that
game just say so make sense makes sense
item ourselves oh I hear him I hear him
directly above me Trevor and Elise we're
going to the objective oh that's just a
goodness agreement there Oh Elise I'm on
it's on me he's here in my skull crush
your skull bones my bones my genes oh
he's come for me too
I can't oh I hear while you sliced me
fire fester oh if I wasn't so fresh at
this game I think there's a way to
predator sounded better there I will let
you leave predator
right behind redditor predator you
little rascal choppers come through no
there he is
oh no anything oh my god okay shotgun
time oh no Fred news of it
I think here where am I going okay oh
god oh god I can't do he's getting away
from the chopper he's out of here I
jumped down with a sword and it just
went away the helicopter 10 feet up
we're perfectly fine are you guys okay
that's all I care about I don't know how
that chopper would have gotten out of
that blast range
all right we're fine the blast only goes
sideways not up oh I see I see
thanks for playing with us ready for
police for having me mn appreciate it
you can get predator hunting grounds and
get into the hunt today it's available
on ps4 and PC let's make sure to check
it out and you know maybe you throw a
little flat bill cap on your boy and try
and get James to do some call-outs I was
gonna say I think the game comes with
James Willems already unlocked yeah you
don't need a pity you don't need to buy
the special edition to get the old James
Williams you just threw it in there with
the box any final thoughts Arnold
impersonations what happens in the
choppa stays in the choppa oh I hear him
clicking you hear nothing oh he's near
me he's close I can smell him his stench
his stink his forest ain't baby
how can we shoot this